Fix import shenanigans 2/2 (#3497)
pwndbg/pwndbg: docs/contributing/common-pitfalls.md

#### Don't import commands

When a command is written, it is written with the user in mind and all that entails. This means appropriate error handling, message printing etc. A `pwndbg/command/` file has access to every submodule in Pwndbg. As such, it is **not** made to be used as an API for some other command/functionality. If there exists a command which you want to use as API, refactor it into an `aglib/` file, make sure there are no `print`s, make sure that it returns an error instead of silently eating it when appropriate etc.

Doing it this way prevents "fun" surprises, makes the code more maintanable, makes the dependancy graph cleaner and as such prevents import cycles.

#### `from pwndbg.aglib import arch` doesn't work

If you look at `pwndbg/aglib/__init__.py` you will see that `arch` is a None-initialized object and gets swapped out at runtime depending on which architecture we are debugging. As such, to get the correct information about the current architecture you must always do `aglib.arch.whatever()`.

#### `from pwndbg.aglib import regs` doesn't work

> If you look at `pwndbg/aglib/__init__.py` you will see that `regs` is a None-initialized object and gets swapped out during initialization. To use it properly you must do `aglib.regs.whatever()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you look at `pwndbg/aglib/__init__.py` you will see that `regs` is a None-initialized object and gets swapped out during initialization. To use it properly you must not make a copy of it via `from pwndbg.aglib import regs` and instead always access it via `aglib.regs` like: `aglib.regs.whatever()`.
```
